Added examples of good and bad change log entries, with an explanation of its importance (#1590)
plone/documentation: docs/contributing/index.md

The content of this file must include the following.

-   A brief message that summarizes the changes in your contribution.

>     -   Use a narrative format, in the past tense, proper English spelling and grammar, complete sentences, and inline markup as needed.

Reviewer: We don't actually use complete sentences (including in your example below); usually the subject is implied, e.g. "Added X." or "Updated Y."

Author: Yes, but I think we should strive for this for a couple of reasons.

- We don't have a separate release notes document where we would have narrative documentation.
- Notable changes are often not documented, except with a non-descriptive or jargony change log entry.

To be pedantic, this is a change log, not release notes, despite its name of [Volto Release Notes](https://6.docs.plone.org/volto/release-notes/index.html).

>     -   If you fix a bug, write what was broken and is now fixed.

Reviewer: Better to link to the issue than try to write it inline.

Author: If there is an issue that adequately and succinctly describes the change, then that works. But that rarely happens. We usually get a PR without much narrative, or issues that evolve over time or have long discussions. It's seldom clear what was broken and fixed, or added or changed and why or what it does differently.

Typical example:
https://6.docs.plone.org/volto/release-notes/index.html#id1

>     -   If you add or change a feature, write a summary of previous behavior and what it does now.

Reviewer: Should we add something like "The focus should be on what is relevant to a user of the software, not implementation details like what code you changed (unless it's a change to a public API)." ?

Author: Yes. I will wordsmith this to target general and specific audiences.

Author: @davisagli here's my latest attempt f2766c1b751733c245e0cd730f67fdf3bcbd85cd

-   An attribution to yourself, in the format of `@github_username`.

```{important}
These change log entries become narrative documentation.
```

The following text is an example of a good change log entry, placed inside {file}`/news/4470.documentation`.

```text
Changed from links to inline literals in `CHANGELOG.md` to fix linkcheckbroken. @stevepiercy
```

> This would be a poor change log entry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following would be a poor change log entry.
```
